Update README for vercel.com/templates (#1442)
bigcommerce/catalyst: README.md

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-developers/images/catalyst_readme_hr.png)

> **Important:**

> > If you just want to build a storefront, start with the [CLI](#quickstart) which will install the Next.js application in [/core](https://github.com/bigcommerce/catalyst/tree/main/core).

Reviewer: @matthewvolk shouldn't this be the root monorepo now instead of `/core`?

Reviewer 2: Correct! Let's maybe change it to:

```suggestion
> If you just want to build a storefront, start with the [CLI](#quickstart) which will install the [entire Catalyst repository](https://github.com/bigcommerce/catalyst) locally.
```
